gh-105017: Fix including additional NL token when using CRLF (#105022)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2023-05-27-16-23-16.gh-issue-105017.KQrsC0.rst

> Fix including an additional NL token when parsing files having CRLF lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix including an additional NL token when parsing files having CRLF lines. Patch by Marta Gómez.
```

> Fix including an additional NL token when parsing files having CRLF lines. Patch by Marta Gómez.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not include an additional final ``NL`` token when parsing files having CRLF lines. Patch by Marta Gómez.
```
